Document breaking change: dotnet tool install --local creates manifest by default in .NET 10 (#48138)
dotnet/docs: docs/core/tools/dotnet-tool-install.md

  Available starting in .NET 8 SDK.

  Applies to local tools. To find a manifest, the search algorithm searches up the directory tree for `dotnet-tools.json` or a `.config` folder that contains a `dotnet-tools.json` file.

  If a tool-manifest can't be found and the `--create-manifest-if-needed` option is set to `false`, the `CannotFindAManifestFile` error occurs.

  If a tool-manifest can't be found and the `--create-manifest-if-needed` option is set to `true` (or, in .NET 10 and later versions, when not specified), the tool creates a manifest automatically. It chooses a folder for the manifest as follows:

  - Walk up the directory tree searching for a directory that has a `.git` subfolder. If one is found, create the manifest in that directory.
  - If the previous step doesn't find a directory, walk up the directory tree searching for a directory that has a `.sln` or `.git` file. If one is found, create the manifest in that directory.
  - If neither of the previous two steps finds a directory, create the manifest in the current working directory.

  For more information on how manifests are located, see [Install a local tool](global-tools.md#install-a-local-tool).

>   Starting in .NET 10, a manifest is created automatically if no tools manifest is found. You can opt out by explicitly setting `--create-manifest-if-needed=false`. This change can be a [breaking change](../compatibility/sdk/10.0/dotnet-tool-install-local-manifest.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Starting in .NET 10, a manifest is created automatically if no tools manifest is found. This change can be a [breaking change](../compatibility/sdk/10.0/dotnet-tool-install-local-manifest.md). You can opt out by passing `--create-manifest-if-needed=false`.
```
